

1. 

When your mind turns against you.

It's great to be alive right now, passing through this carona. Being alive is greatest thing. Don't post phone things, do them early on.
Before we fall dead, do what ever you like to do, just do it well.


2.

Center of a bangle.? How?
with a thread, find out the circumference. Fold the thread into half. you get the length of semi-circle. use it to mark edges of the diameter. Turn a bit and you get it.
Or just take another theread, join those two points. fold it into half. mark the folding point. re-align it, you get the center.

As you take thread and keep on moving with one point fixed on the circle and other is tracing along the circle. You get to a point where, you can get more that that length for the diameter, that's it.

Given a piece of bangle find its center?
There are instruments that are used to make a bangle expand a little bit. It's like a cone, use it, where ever it fit's that will give you the size, use it and you get the actual circle.

So the question could be, given the arc, find it's center. (and radius)

Take a thread join any two points. Take another thread to make it the perpendicular bisector. You get the diameter again.
This is not intutive. But earlier methods are...


3. 

Hire Mavayya, for work and get the things done.
Ask the students to implement, take help of shiva.
Find freelancers and get them done.

Hire Dhanunjaya for languages. When you are not worried about who get's the name. and care about children of bharat, becoming comfortable with coding and making systems do what they want.

It would be wonderful. 

4. 
Post the word ganitham and ask on social media to find different names. 

5. 
Program to generate trees with division learning excercies.
LCM can be used.

6.
The oppurtunity with NSRIT college. Adjust the GITAM plan to them and pitch to them. For all the first year students in Engineering.

7.
Find out colleges who's website is upto-date.

